[ JAZZY THEME MUSIC PLAYS ]
♪ [ WHISTLING ]
YEAH!
THE LAWN CHAIRS-ORBIT-EARTH
RIDE IS READY.
TICKET BOOTH READY.
PETTING ZOO A-OK!
THEY'LL PUSH,
THEY'LL SHOVE,
THEY'LL PAY BIG BUCKS
TO COME TO OUR...
ED-LAND!
I'D LIKE TO RUN
A PRELIMINARY TEST FIRST.
OOH, OOH! TEST
THE PETTING ZOO!
HANG ONTO
YOUR EYEBROW, ED.
OH, PET ME NOW!
THIS CHAIR STINKS.
Edd: YOU'RE TAMPERING
WITH THE LAWS OF WEIGHT
AND BALANCE, EDDY.
EDDY?
[SIGH]
IGNORANCE MUST BE BLISS.
NOW WE'RE TALKING.
HEH HEH HEH...
SHALL WE BEGIN, ED?
CONTACT!
OHH...
WHAT WAS THAT?
COME ON,
MUSCLEHEAD, PUSH!
WHOA!
Eddy:
WHOOO-HOO-HOO-HOO!
WHOOOOOOAAAAHHHH!
WE'RE GOING TO BE RICH!
[CRASH]
MY TURN!
HOLY COW!
GOOD PUSH, ED!
DID YOU SEE
THAT CHAIR FLY?
WHO BROKE MY WINDOW?
HI, KEVIN!
OOF!
EDS! DON'T MOVE!
UH, SORRY, KEVIN.
WHILE TESTING
OUR NEW RIDE,
WE DIDN'T ANTICIPATE
THE WEAK LINKAGE
TO EDDY'S CHAIR--
BUTTON YOU LIP!
WHO BROKE
MY WINDOW?
UH...DIDN'T YOU
SEE THEM?
WHO?
THE MUCKYBOYS!
MUCKY...BOYS?
YEAH. THEY WERE
DUMPED OFF BY A TORNADO,
AND RAISED BY FIELD MICE
IN A CAVE
NEAR THE CONSTRUCTION SITE.
AND THEY EAT
THEIR WEIGHT IN CHEESE,
AND THEY THROW
COMFORTABLE ARMCHAIRS
THROUGH THE AIR,
AND SMACK!
INTO YOUR WINDOW.
BALONEY!
LOOK! THERE THEY GO!
-WHERE?
-THERE!
FREEZE,
MUCKYBOYS!
HEH HEH HEH!
KEV'S SUCH A SAP.
MUCKYBOYS.
I CRACK ME UP.
LET'S TEST
THE PETTING ZOO.
Ed: MUCKYBOYS!
OH, MUCKYBOYS!
OWW!
DID YOU SEE A FLYING
COMFORTABLE CHAIR?
EDDY, YOU SHOULD
HAVE TOLD THE TRUTH.
TRUTH, SCHMUTH!
WE'RE OFF THE HOOK,
AREN'T WE?
COME HERE, QUICK!
CHECK OUT THE
FASHION SLAVES, GUYS.
Ed: WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
JUST IGNORE THEM,
JIMMY.
AND WHAT ARE
OUR HALF-PINT
PYGMIES UP TO?
IF YOU MUST KNOW,
WE'RE HUNTING.
YEAH.
FOR A BRAIN?
NO! THE MUCKYBOYS!
UM...MUCKYBOYS?
YOU'VE HEARD OF THEM,
HAVEN'T YOU?
UH...YEAH, SURE.
COME ON, JIMMY.
KEVIN'S WAITING.
THHHHP!
LOOK OUT FOR
FLYING CHAIRS!
WELL, EDDY,
IT'S ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME
TILL KEVIN FINDS OUT
THE TRUTH ABOUT--
NO PROBLEM.
WE, THE EDS,
ARE SMARTER THAN--
ONIONS?
NO, ED.
WE'RE SMARTER THAN--
BUTTERED TOAST?
Edd: OH, BOY.
A BUS DRIVER?
[CLANGS]
NO MUCKIES HERE.
YOU FIND
ANYTHING, ROLF?
Rolf: NOT YET,
KEVIN.
WHOOP!
I MUST HAVE SILENCE!
[SQUISH]
THE SOIL SPEAKS TO ME.
IT TELLS ME: "ROLF...
"THE MUCKYBOYS ARE 50 PACES
TOWARDS THE SUN...
COOKING BEETS."
ARE YOU SURE?
FOOLISH YOUTH.
THE SOIL KNOWS ALL.
ALL RIGHT, FOLLOW ME.
THEY'VE ALL
FALLEN FOR IT.
EDDY, WOULDN'T IT
BE EASIER
IF WE JUST--
MAKE FUNNY NOISES?
ED! YOU'VE FOUND
A BRAIN!
MUCKYBOYS MAKE LOUD,
FUNNY NOISES.
OOH OOH OOH!
OOGH! OOGH!
OOOOGAAA!
SHHHHHH!
HEE HEE HEE!
[GRRRRR]
WE HAVE ANGERED
THE MUCKYBOYS!
AAH!
HELP! HELP!
WHEN I SEE MUCKY,
I'LL BELIEVE MUCKY.
OUT OF MY WAY!
Kids:
OWW! AWW...
COME ON, JIMMY.
GEE, THAT HURT.
HA HA HA!
OOH...
HEH HEH HEH...
OHH...
WHOA!
ED, YOU GOT MUD
ON YOUR FACE.
NICE FACEPRINT.
Ed: FINE HEAD!
I KNOW WHAT WILL
FIX KEV! FOOTPRINTS!
LOOK! MUCKYFEET!
HMM...
WHOA! YEAH!
THOSE
ARE MUCKYFEET!
EDDY, THIS IS BECOMING
A VERY COMPLICATED--
OK, ED, STOMP DOWN
TO THE OLD DRAINPIPE.
UHHH...
HOW AM I DOING, EDDY?
Edd: OH, BOY.
UH...WHERE'S EDDY,
DOUBLE-D?
STUCK TO YOUR FOOT
LIKE AN OLD GUM WRAPPER.
HEY, EDDY,
WE'RE HERE.
BINGO! THIS IS
PERFECT FOR THE
MUCKYBOYS' CAVE!
IT DOESN'T LOOK
VERY HYGIENIC.
WAY COOL!
[WHIMPERING]
LOOK AT THE SIZE
OF THIS FOOTPRINT.
I HAVEN'T SEEN FEET
THIS BIG SINCE MY
GREAT-GRANDMOTHER.
LET'S FOLLOW THEM.
THE MUCKYBOYS ARE SMART.
I'VE LOST THEIR TRAIL
IN THIS POOL OF WATER.
THIS WILL TOTALLY
THROW KEVIN OFF OUR BACK.
EDDY, THE AUTHENTICITY
OF "THE CAVE" IS QUITE
QUESTIONABLE.
IF WE JUST TELL KEVIN--
I FOUND A BONE!
COOL, HUH?
Kevin: LET'S CHECK
THIS PLACE OUT.
HEY, IT'S KEVIN!
QUICK, DOUBLE-D!
WE NEED TO VANISH FAST!
IT SAYS "COVERS
IN ONE COAT."
[GULP]
Rolf: IT'S
THE MUCKYBOYS' CAVE.
OOOOH! WOW! AHHHH!
THEIR HIDEOUS SCENT
IS EVERYWHERE.
DO YOU SMELL IT?
IT SMELLS LIKE
MY BROTHER'S FEET!
I STILL HAVEN'T SEEN
A MUCKYBOY.
[WHIMPERS]
COME ON, JIMMY.
WE'RE FALLING BEHIND.
OK, OK.
THESE SHOES ARE
PINCHING MY FEET.
OH!
HMM...
PAINT CAN...
AND CAVE PAINTINGS.
THIS PAINT'S STILL WET!
COME ON, JIMMY!
I SMELL SOMETHING
OTHER THAN MUCKYBOYS.
EDDY, SARAH KNOWS!
IT'S JUST A MATTER
OF TIME!
Ed: MY EYES ARE STUCK!
I CAN'T OPEN THEM!
OPEN YOUR EYES,
ED.
THANKS, EDDY.
IF IT'S MUCKYBOYS
KEVIN WANTS,
THEN IT'S MUCKYBOYS
KEVIN GETS.
Kevin: COME ON, ROLF,
HOW MUCH LONGER?
Rolf: MY FATHER
WALKED 100 MILES
WITH A MULE, TWO DOGS,
AND THE SHOE
ON HIS BACK.
Sarah: BIG DEAL.
THEY'RE COMING, EDDY!
PUT THIS ON.
EDDY, THIS MUD
IS FILTHY!
GET OVER IT,
DOUBLE-D. CATCH!
CATCH?
OH, DEAR.
WAAA!
THE MUCKYBOYS LIVE!
YEAH.
MUCKYBOYS!
UHH!
EDDY, I DESPERATELY
NEED TO WASH.
COULD WE PLEASE
END THIS?
AAAAH!
BE SCARY,
DOUBLE-D.
[GRRRRRRR]
OH, I'M
PETRIFIED.
Rolf: HERE! WE MUST
CLIMB OUT HERE!
WHOA!
WHOOOAAAAH!
ROLF IS TOO STRONG
FOR HIS OWN GOOD.
[YELLING GIBBERISH]
MUCKYBOYS!
AWOOOGA!
[SHOUTING GIBBERISH]
YOU GUYS OWE ME
A WINDOW!
I'M GONE!
I MUST WANDER TO EAT.
SARAH? OH, SARAH?
[WHIMPERS]
ATTACK!
MUCKY! MUCKY! MUCKY! MUCKY!
MUCKY! AAAAH!
MUCKY! MUCKY! MUCKY!
OH, ED!
HUH?
MOM SAYS YOU'VE GOT
TO CLEAN YOUR ROOM.
NOT NOW, SARAH.
WE'RE PLAYING.
AAH!
HUH?
HA!
YOU'VE GOT
THE BIGGEST MOUTH!
AAH! STOP! STOP IT!
Sarah:
THERE'S YOUR "MUCKYBOYS."
[SHOUTING
GIBBERISH]
OK, ED.
SHOW'S OVER.
TAKE 5.
[GRRRR]
MUCKYBOYS...PRETTY FUNNY,
HUH, KEV?
[GRRRR]
HUH?
UH...
[GRRRRRRR]
WELL, EDDY,
THIS ALL COULD HAVE
BEEN AVOIDED IF WE--
MY NOSE IS ITCHY.
SO SCRATCH IT.
SCRATCH IT FOR ME,
EDDY.
GET AWAY FROM ME.
WELL, ED, I COULD HAVE
SCRATCHED IT FOR YOU,
BUT I'M A LITTLE PREOCCUPIED
AT THE MOMENT.
SCRATCH MY NOSE!
SHUT UP, ED!
LOOK, PLANK,
KEVIN WAS TELLING
THE TRUTH.
AHEM...
Kevin: JONNY,
LEAVE THEM ALONE.
LET THEM STEW
IN THEIR OWN MUCK.
HEH HEH HEH...
HA HA HA HA HA!
[WHISPERS]
Psst, Eddy--
There's a hammer
in the cake.
COMING, KEVIN!
THE HAMMER'S OBVIOUSLY
CONTAMINATED THE--
CAKE!
AAH!
AHH, MY ITCH
IS GONE.
ED, IT'S ON
YOUR FACE.
WHAT'S ON
MY FACE?
THE HAMMER!
A TARANTULA!
AAH! GET IT
OFF, EDDY!
QUICK,
QUICK!
EDDY,
GET IT OFF!
AHH...
HMM...
OH, HAPPY DAY!
OH...
HMM...
[CLANG]
OH...
THERE MUST
HAVE BEEN A SALE.
I HATE NEW CLOTHES.
I LOVE CANOES.
LET'S GO BREAK THEM IN.
FOLLOW ME.
UHH! AAH!
LOOK AT ME!
HA HA!
ED!
ME!
WHOO!
HA HA HA!
HEH HEH HEH.
Eddy: OK, DOUBLE-D,
COUGH THEM UP.
OH...
UH, I'M FINE,
EDDY, REALLY.
I LIKE MY NEW CLOTHES.
YEAH, RIGHT.
HA HA HA HA!
READY, ED?
I PRACTICED, EDDY.
SPLASH, SQUASH,
SPLASH...
I HAD A GERBIL
LIKE HIM ONCE.
WHY IS ED ACTING LIKE
A WASHING MACHINE?
GIVE IT UP,
DOUBLE-D.
EDDY!
OH , DEAR.
I'M MIXING MY COLORS
WITH MY WHITES.
THINK OF THE MONEY
WE COULD MAKE
DOING EVERYBODY'S
CLOTHES!
I'D RATHER NOT.
AAH!
SPLASH, SQUASH, SPLASH...
BING!
SPIN CYCLE!
YEEEEOOOOW!
BING!
WASHER OFF!
THEY SHOULD BE NICE
AND COMFY NOW.
LOOK! STAIN'S GONE!
[EMBARRASSED LAUGH]
NO BIG DEAL.
OUR OLD CLOTHES
ARE WAY BETTER.
AHEM, NO, EDDY,
BETTER.
"OUR OLD CLOTHES
ARE MUCH BETTER."
DOTH MY ENGLISH
BUG YOU, BUMPKIN?
OOF!
[GULP]
[PINCH]
HA HA HA HA!
AAH!
AND THAT IS HOW
TO SAVE THE HELPLESS
KITTY FROM A TREE.
EASY 1, 2, 3!
THANK YOU, SPORT EDDY!
AAH!
WILL YOU LOOK AT THAT!
HEY, JONNY BOY!
HUH?
HOW DOES A SQUIRT
LIKE YOU END UP
WITH SUCH
A COOL UNIFORM?
I SEE YOU LIKE
JONNY'S UNIFORM,
BIGMOUTH EDDY.
WOULD YOU AND
YOUR FELLOW ED BOYS
LIKE TO WEAR
OUR UNIFORM?
COME. I INVITE YOU
TO THE PRIVILEGE
TO EARN ONE BADGE.
AND YOU, TOO, WILL
BECOME URBAN RANGERS.
BUT I LIKE BEING ED.
ONE BADGE FOR
A COOL UNIFORM?
IT'S A STEAL!
TELL US WHAT TO DO,
ROLFIE BOY!
OH, DEAR. A NEW NEUROSIS.
IS IT FUN YET?
HEE HEE HEE!
KIND OF FRILLY,
AIN'T IT?
THAT SCARF MAKES YOU
A WEE ROACH.
JUST LIKE PLANK.
WE WERE WEE ROACHES
UNTIL WE GOT OUR BADGES.
SEE?
THE LIGHT BULB
CHANGING BADGE,
GARBAGE BAG
REPLACEMENT BADGE,
CLOTHESPIN ALIGNMENT
BADGE,
AND LAUNDRY
SORTING BADGE.
Rolf: LINE UP
AND PRESENT YOURSELVES
SO YOU MAY EARN
A NEW BADGE.
LOOK, WEE ROACHES--
THE DON'T-BUG-ME-I'M-
IN-THE-HAMMOCK BADGE.
YES! GO NOW!
HEE HEE!
THE HAMMOCK BADGE
IS IN THE BAG.
NOW REMEMBER, ED,
EQUAL WEIGHT
IS THE KEY.
I AM THE KING
OF THE JUNGLE!
HEY, GORILLA--
I GOT A BANANA
FOR YOU.
ED WANT BANANA!
AAH!
UHH!
[CRASH]
GOOD WORK,
URBAN RANGER JIMMY.
A NEW BADGE FOR YOU.
HEE HEE HEE!
AND FOR YOU,
URBAN RANGER JONNY.
VERY GOOD
OVER-UNDER JOB.
Eddy: OK!
OUR TURN!
[SLURP]
HO HO! THERE ARE NO BADGES
FOR SNEAKY WEE ROACHES.
HEY! WE'RE IN
THE HAMMOCK,
JUST LIKE THOSE
GUYS! WHAT?
NEXT BADGE!
THE TRIMMING OF
THE HEDGE BADGE
IS IMPORTANT.
IT SAYS, "LOOK AT ME!
I AM A HOTSHOT!"
TRIMMING SHEARS ARE
IMPORTANT FOR THIS.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE HEAD
OF THE MONSTER
I WAS
A TEENAGE APPETIZER
FROM PLANET SUSHI--
THE SECOND COMING.
NO SHEARS FOR YOU,
POTATO HEAD BOY.
HEE HEE HEE!
THEY WILL BE SO JEALOUS.
EDDY? COULD YOU TRY
AND BE MORE PRECISE
WITH YOUR SNIPS?
MY TURN!
PLEASE START ON
THE OTHER END, ED!
DISTRACTIONS,
DISTRACTIONS...
UH-HUH...A-HA!
ENJOY YOUR NEW
BADGE, JIMMY.
THANK YOU, ROLF.
YES, PLANK.
THAT'S GOOD.
IT'S IN THE BAG,
BOYS.
HA HA HA HA!
[WHISTLING]
AAH!
HOW'S THAT LOOK?
Rolf:
WEE ROACHES!
YOU ARE TRYING
MY PATIENCE,
AND THAT IS NOT GOOD,
AS I AM THE SON
OF A SHEPHERD.
NEXT BADGE--
ESCORTING THE ELDERLY
ACROSS THE STREET
SHOULD BE AS EASY
AS COMBING PAPA'S
BACK HAIR.
I'M INTO EASY.
WHERE'S THE
BADGE-BEARING
GERIATRIC?
MY NANA WAS TOO BUSY
FRYING WEEDS,
BUT TRENDY NAZZ GIRL
AGREED TO TAKE HER PLACE.
HI, GUYS.
[GIGGLES]
[GULP]
UH, ED?
YOU'RE UP,
PAL.
UH, DOUBLE-D
WANTS TO.
AW...
HA HA!
WEE ROACH EDDY,
FINISH THIS TASK
BEFORE NIGHTFALL.
COME AND MAKE
YOUR TURN.
SURE...YEAH...
[NERVOUS LAUGH]
ARE YOU GOING
TO HOLD MY HAND?
OK.
WATCH YOUR STEP.
THERE YOU GO, NAZZ.
BOY, EDDY, YOUR HAND
IS SO SWEATY.
BUT YOU DID GOOD.
VERY GOOD.
BUT WEE ROACH
ED IS NOT NANA.
NO BADGE.
NEXT BADGE,
THE HOT FOOT BURRITO.
MICROWAVED PROPERLY
WILL EARN YOU URBAN
RANGER COAT.
HERE, DOUBLE-D.
THIS IS MORE
YOUR BAG.
HMM...
"CUT SMALL HOLE IN PACKAGE."
CHECK.
"MICROWAVE AT MEDIUM HEAT
FOR ONE MINUTE."
HA HA HA HA...
WHAT'S TAKING
SO LONG?
LET'S PUT IT
INTO HIGH GEAR.
NOW WE'RE
TALKING!
IS IT READY?
[RUMBLE]
AAAAAAH!
HAVE YOU ROACHES
BEEN DRINKING MILK
FROM A RUSTY BUCKET?
YOU HAVE SPOILED
A WONDERFUL FOOD
PRODUCT!
SUCH WASTE AND
DISRESPECT TO
THE FAST FOOD STORES
IS NOT ALLOWED IN
THE URBAN RANGERS!
[SIGH]
WHOA!
BUT SEEING YOU
COVERED IN FILTH
REMINDS ME
OF MY YOUTH.
NEXT BADGE...
GRAVY!
ROLF, I REALLY
NEED TO WASH.
ALL RIGHT,
WEE ROACHES.
THIS ONE IS EASY.
I CAN DO THIS ONE!
THIS EMPTY ROLL
MUST BE REPLACED
WITH A NEW ONE.
YOU REPLACE THOSE?
WHAT A CINCH.
YOU JUST LIFT
AND SLIDE OFF
THE OLD ONE.
DOUBLE-D?
OH, MY.
RUNAWAY
PAPER HOLDER!
HA HA HA!
I GOT IT!
ALLOW ME, EDDY!
Rolf: WEE ROACHES!
NO BADGE!
EVER!
ROLF, WAIT!
HOLD...
IT.
THOSE ED BOYS ARE CRAZY
LIKE CHICKENS,
EXCEPT THEY LAY NO EGGS.
AH, CANDIED BEETS
TO CALM MY NERVES.
Eddy:
LOOK, ROLF--
PLEASE GIVE US
ONE MORE CHANCE.
PLEASE!
YES. ONE MORE CHANCE.
NOW LET ME FINISH MY BEET.
HEH HEH HEH...
THIS IS VERY EASY,
WISEGUY EDDY.
I GOT IT, ROLF.
I JUST HAVE TO BE
A GOOD NEIGHBOR,
AND I'LL GET
A BADGE.
PIECE OF CAKE.
REMEMBER, EDDY,
MIND YOUR MANNERS.
[ENCOURAGING GIBBERISH]
GOOD AFTERNOON,
NEIGHBOR.
I BAKED YOU A PIE AND...
HELLO?
ANYBODY HOME?
REMEMBER, EDDY, MANNERS.
IT'S OUR LAST CHANCE!
SO!
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
CAN'T YOU TALK?
ARE YOU A BABY?
[GRITS TEETH]
I BAKED YOU A PIE AND--
"MY NAME IS EDDY,
AND I WEAR A BIG,
STINKY DIAPER!"
[GRITS TEETH]
HELLO, NEIGHBOR.
I JUST THOUGHT--
"GOO, GOO, GOO!"
EXCUSE ME, NEIGHBOR--
AW, IS BABY
GOING TO CRY?
DOES BABY WANT
HIS BOTTLE?
SHUT UP, SARAH!
Rolf: EDDIE!
NO WEE ROACH!
NO URBAN RANGER!
NO BADGE!
MMM...
HOW ABOUT
ANOTHER CHANCE?
♪ LA LA LA LA LA
LA LA LA LA ♪
WHEE!
HEH HEH HEH...
HERE GOES.
[DRUM ROLL]
AW...
HA HA!
YOU HAVE BESMIRCHED THE NAME
OF THE URBAN RANGERS
AND ARE SENTENCED
TO THE...WALK OF SHAME!
RANGER JONNY,
BRING MY LARD!
HERE YOU GO,
ROLF.
AND HERE'S YOUR
LARD-BRINGING BADGE.
COOL!
WHOA!
AAAAAAAH!
NOT GOOD!
HA HA HA!
[DRUM ROLL]
AAAAAH!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TURNER ENTERTAINMENT GROUP AND
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--
♪♪
ED, EDD, AND EDDY!
YEAH!